README.md, before:

# Table of Content
- <a href="#description">Description</a>
- <a href="#building">Building and Install</a>
- <a href="#install">Install</a>
- <a href="#using">Using</a>
- <a href="#sysfs">Sysfs</a>
- <a href="#kernelparam">Kernel Parameter</a>
- <a href="#modes">Modes</a>

# Description <a name="description"></a>
TUXEDO Computers Kernel module for keyboard backlighting.

Additions
- Sysfs interface to control the brightness, mode, color, on/off state
- DKMS Ready
- Full RGB Color Support
- WMI Support for switch over the FN-Keys

# Building and Install <a name="building"></a>

## Dependencies
- make
- gcc
- linux-headers
- dkms (Only when use this module with the DKMS functionality)

## Warning on installing the module:

Use either method only. Do not combine installation methods, such as starting with the build step below and proceeding to use the same build artifacts with the DKMS module. Otherwise the module built via dkms will fail to load with an `exec_format` error on newer kernels due to a mismatched version magic.

This is why the DKMS build step begins with a `make clean` step. 

For convenience, on platforms where DKMS is in use, skip to the DKMS section directly.

## Build the Module

```sh
make clean && make
```

## The DKMS route:

### Add as DKMS Module:

At first point add the Module
```sh
make clean
sudo cp -R . /usr/src/tuxedo_keyboard-1
sudo dkms add -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

The secound step is compile the module
```sh
sudo dkms build -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

Install the DKMS module
```sh
sudo dkms install -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

Load the module with modprobe
```sh
modprobe tuxedo_keyboard
```

### Uninstalling the DKMS Module:

Remove the dkms module
```sh
sudo dkms remove -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1 --all
```

Remove the source
```sh
sudo rm -rf /usr/src/tuxedo_keyboard-1
```

# Using <a name="using"></a>

## modprobe

```sh
modprobe tuxedo_keyboard
```

## Load the module on boot:

Add Module to /etc/modules
```sh
sudo su
echo tuxedo_keyboard >> /etc/modules
```

Default Parameters at start.


In this example, we start the kernel module with the following settings:

- mode 0 (Custom / Default Mode)
- red color for the left side of keyboard 
- green color for the center of keyboard 
- blue color for the right side of keyboard 

Note that we write its' settings to a `.conf` file under `/etc/modprobe.d` named `tuxedo_keyboard.conf`. 

```sh
sudo su
echo "options tuxedo_keyboard mode=0 color_left=0xFF0000 color_center=0x00FF00 color_right=0x0000FF" > /etc/modprobe.d/tuxedo_keyboard.conf
```

# Sysfs <a name="sysfs"></a>

## General
Path: /sys/devices/platform/tuxedo_keyboard

## color_left
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_center
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the center of Keyboard

## color_right
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the right Keyboard Side

## color_extra
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the extra region (if exist) of the Keyboard

## brightness
Allowed Values: 0 - 255   
Description: Set the brightness of the Keyboard

## mode
Allowed Values: 0 - 7   
Description: Set the mode of the Keyboard. A list with the modes is under <a href="#modes">Modes</a>

## state
Allowed Values: 0, 1   
Description: Set the State of keyboard, 0 is keyboard is off and 1 is keyboard is on

## extra
Allowed Values: 0, 1   
Description: Only get the information, if the keyboard have the extra region

# Kernel Parameter <a name="kernelparam"></a>

## Using
```sh
sudo modprobe tuxedo_keyboard <params>
```

## color_left
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_center
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_right
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_extra
Set the color of the left Keyboard extra region (Only when is a supported keyboard)

## mode
Set the mode (on/off) of keyboard

## brightness
Set the brightness of keyboard

## state

# Modes <a name="modes"></a>

## CUSTOM
Value: 0

## BREATHE
Value: 1

## CYCLE
Value: 2

## DANCE
Value: 3

## FLASH
Value: 4

## RANDOM_COLOR
Value: 5

## TEMPO
Value: 6

## WAVE
Value: 7

Commit message:

doc: refresh lighting section in README.md
refresh / reload the module

README.md, after:

# Adapted Keyboard Lighting for a Tensorbook
This is a fork of the original tuxedo-keyboard.
You can load and unload your lighting settings for trials with 
```sh
sudo modprobe -r tuxedo_keyboard && sudo modprobe tuxedo_keyboard
```

# Table of Content
- <a href="#description">Description</a>
- <a href="#building">Building and Install</a>
- <a href="#install">Install</a>
- <a href="#using">Using</a>
- <a href="#sysfs">Sysfs</a>
- <a href="#kernelparam">Kernel Parameter</a>
- <a href="#modes">Modes</a>

# Description <a name="description"></a>
TUXEDO Computers Kernel module for keyboard backlighting.

Additions
- Sysfs interface to control the brightness, mode, color, on/off state
- DKMS Ready
- Full RGB Color Support
- WMI Support for switch over the FN-Keys

# Building and Install <a name="building"></a>

## Dependencies
- make
- gcc
- linux-headers
- dkms (Only when use this module with the DKMS functionality)

## Warning on installing the module:

Use either method only. Do not combine installation methods, such as starting with the build step below and proceeding to use the same build artifacts with the DKMS module. Otherwise the module built via dkms will fail to load with an `exec_format` error on newer kernels due to a mismatched version magic.

This is why the DKMS build step begins with a `make clean` step. 

For convenience, on platforms where DKMS is in use, skip to the DKMS section directly.

## Build the Module

```sh
make clean && make
```

## The DKMS route:

### Add as DKMS Module:

At first point add the Module
```sh
make clean
sudo cp -R . /usr/src/tuxedo_keyboard-1
sudo dkms add -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

The secound step is compile the module
```sh
sudo dkms build -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

Install the DKMS module
```sh
sudo dkms install -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1
```

Load the module with modprobe
```sh
sudo modprobe tuxedo_keyboard
```

### Uninstalling the DKMS Module:

Remove the dkms module
```sh
sudo dkms remove -m tuxedo_keyboard -v 1 --all
```

Remove the source
```sh
sudo rm -rf /usr/src/tuxedo_keyboard-1
```

# Using <a name="using"></a>

## modprobe

```sh
sudo modprobe tuxedo_keyboard
```

## Load the module on boot:

Add Module to /etc/modules
```sh
sudo su
echo tuxedo_keyboard >> /etc/modules
```

Default Parameters at start.


In this example, we start the kernel module with the following settings:

- mode 0 (Custom / Default Mode)
- red color for the left side of keyboard 
- green color for the center of keyboard 
- blue color for the right side of keyboard 

Note that we write its' settings to a `.conf` file under `/etc/modprobe.d` named `tuxedo_keyboard.conf`. 

```sh
sudo su
echo "options tuxedo_keyboard mode=0 color_left=0xFF0000 color_center=0x00FF00 color_right=0x0000FF" > /etc/modprobe.d/tuxedo_keyboard.conf
```

# Sysfs <a name="sysfs"></a>

## General
Path: /sys/devices/platform/tuxedo_keyboard

## color_left
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_center
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the center of Keyboard

## color_right
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the right Keyboard Side

## color_extra
Allowed Values: Hex-Value (e.g. 0xFF0000 for the Color Red)   
Description: Set the color of the extra region (if exist) of the Keyboard

## brightness
Allowed Values: 0 - 255   
Description: Set the brightness of the Keyboard

## mode
Allowed Values: 0 - 7   
Description: Set the mode of the Keyboard. A list with the modes is under <a href="#modes">Modes</a>

## state
Allowed Values: 0, 1   
Description: Set the State of keyboard, 0 is keyboard is off and 1 is keyboard is on

## extra
Allowed Values: 0, 1   
Description: Only get the information, if the keyboard have the extra region

# Kernel Parameter <a name="kernelparam"></a>

## Using
```sh
sudo modprobe tuxedo_keyboard <params>
```

## color_left
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_center
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_right
Set the color of the left Keyboard Side

## color_extra
Set the color of the left Keyboard extra region (Only when is a supported keyboard)

## mode
Set the mode (on/off) of keyboard

## brightness
Set the brightness of keyboard

## state

# Modes <a name="modes"></a>

## CUSTOM
Value: 0

## BREATHE
Value: 1

## CYCLE
Value: 2

## DANCE
Value: 3

## FLASH
Value: 4

## RANDOM_COLOR
Value: 5

## TEMPO
Value: 6

## WAVE
Value: 7
